minecraft:acacia_boat  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:acacia_button  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:acacia_chest_boat  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:acacia_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:acacia_fence  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:acacia_fence_gate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:acacia_hanging_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:acacia_leaves  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:acacia_log  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:acacia_planks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:acacia_pressure_plate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:acacia_sapling  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:acacia_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:acacia_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:acacia_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:acacia_trapdoor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:acacia_wood  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:activator_rail  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:air  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:allay_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:allium  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:amethyst_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:amethyst_cluster  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:amethyst_shard  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:ancient_debris  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:andesite  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:andesite_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:andesite_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:andesite_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:angler_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:anvil  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:apple  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:archer_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:armadillo_scute  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:armadillo_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:armor_stand  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:arms_up_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:arrow  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:axolotl_bucket  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:axolotl_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:azalea  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:azalea_leaves  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:azure_bluet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:baked_potato  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bamboo  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bamboo_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bamboo_button  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bamboo_chest_raft  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bamboo_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bamboo_fence  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bamboo_fence_gate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bamboo_hanging_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bamboo_mosaic  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bamboo_mosaic_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bamboo_mosaic_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bamboo_planks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bamboo_pressure_plate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bamboo_raft  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bamboo_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bamboo_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bamboo_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bamboo_trapdoor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:barrel  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:barrier  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:basalt  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bat_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:beacon  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bedrock  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bee_nest  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bee_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:beef  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:beehive  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:beetroot  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:beetroot_seeds  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:beetroot_soup  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bell  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:big_dripleaf  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:birch_boat  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:birch_button  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:birch_chest_boat  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:birch_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:birch_fence  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:birch_fence_gate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:birch_hanging_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:birch_leaves  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:birch_log  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:birch_planks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:birch_pressure_plate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:birch_sapling  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:birch_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:birch_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:birch_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:birch_trapdoor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:birch_wood  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:black_banner  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:black_bed  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:black_bundle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:black_candle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:black_carpet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:black_concrete  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:black_concrete_powder  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:black_dye  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:black_glazed_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:black_shulker_box  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:black_stained_glass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:black_stained_glass_pane  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:black_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:black_wool  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blackstone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blackstone_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blackstone_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blackstone_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blade_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blast_furnace  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blaze_powder  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blaze_rod  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blaze_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blue_banner  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blue_bed  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blue_bundle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blue_candle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blue_carpet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blue_concrete  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blue_concrete_powder  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blue_dye  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blue_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blue_glazed_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blue_ice  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blue_orchid  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blue_shulker_box  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blue_stained_glass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blue_stained_glass_pane  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blue_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:blue_wool  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bogged_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bolt_armor_trim_smithing_template  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bone_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bone_meal  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:book  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bookshelf  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bordure_indented_banner_pattern  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bow  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bowl  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brain_coral  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brain_coral_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brain_coral_fan  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bread  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:breeze_rod  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:breeze_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brewer_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brewing_stand  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brick  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brick_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brick_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brick_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brown_banner  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brown_bed  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brown_bundle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brown_candle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brown_carpet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brown_concrete  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brown_concrete_powder  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brown_dye  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brown_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brown_glazed_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brown_mushroom  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brown_mushroom_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brown_shulker_box  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brown_stained_glass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brown_stained_glass_pane  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brown_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brown_wool  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:brush  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bubble_coral  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bubble_coral_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bubble_coral_fan  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bucket  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:budding_amethyst  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bundle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:burn_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:bush  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cactus  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cactus_flower  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cake  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:calcite  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:calibrated_sculk_sensor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:camel_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:campfire  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:candle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:carrot  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:carrot_on_a_stick  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cartography_table  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:carved_pumpkin  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cat_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cauldron  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cave_spider_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chain  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chain_command_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chainmail_boots  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chainmail_chestplate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chainmail_helmet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chainmail_leggings  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:charcoal  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cherry_boat  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cherry_button  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cherry_chest_boat  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cherry_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cherry_fence  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cherry_fence_gate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cherry_hanging_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cherry_leaves  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cherry_log  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cherry_planks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cherry_pressure_plate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cherry_sapling  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cherry_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cherry_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cherry_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cherry_trapdoor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cherry_wood  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chest  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chest_minecart  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chicken  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chicken_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chipped_anvil  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chiseled_bookshelf  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chiseled_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chiseled_deepslate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chiseled_nether_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chiseled_polished_blackstone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chiseled_quartz_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chiseled_red_sandstone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chiseled_resin_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chiseled_sandstone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chiseled_stone_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chiseled_tuff  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chiseled_tuff_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chorus_flower  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chorus_fruit  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:chorus_plant  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:clay  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:clay_ball  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:clock  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:closed_eyeblossom  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:coal  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:coal_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:coal_ore  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:coarse_dirt  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:coast_armor_trim_smithing_template  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cobbled_deepslate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cobbled_deepslate_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cobbled_deepslate_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cobbled_deepslate_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cobblestone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cobblestone_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cobblestone_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cobblestone_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cobweb  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cocoa_beans  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cod  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cod_bucket  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cod_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:command_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:command_block_minecart  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:comparator  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:compass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:composter  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:conduit  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cooked_beef  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cooked_chicken  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cooked_cod  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cooked_mutton  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cooked_porkchop  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cooked_rabbit  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cooked_salmon  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cookie  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:copper_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:copper_bulb  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:copper_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:copper_grate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:copper_ingot  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:copper_ore  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:copper_trapdoor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cornflower  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cow_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cracked_deepslate_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cracked_deepslate_tiles  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cracked_nether_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cracked_polished_blackstone_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cracked_stone_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:crafter  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:crafting_table  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:creaking_heart  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:creaking_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:creeper_banner_pattern  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:creeper_head  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:creeper_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:crimson_button  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:crimson_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:crimson_fence  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:crimson_fence_gate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:crimson_fungus  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:crimson_hanging_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:crimson_hyphae  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:crimson_nylium  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:crimson_planks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:crimson_pressure_plate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:crimson_roots  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:crimson_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:crimson_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:crimson_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:crimson_stem  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:crimson_trapdoor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:crossbow  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:crying_obsidian  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cut_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cut_copper_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cut_copper_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cut_red_sandstone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cut_red_sandstone_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cut_sandstone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cut_sandstone_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cyan_banner  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cyan_bed  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cyan_bundle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cyan_candle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cyan_carpet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cyan_concrete  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cyan_concrete_powder  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cyan_dye  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cyan_glazed_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cyan_shulker_box  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cyan_stained_glass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cyan_stained_glass_pane  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cyan_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:cyan_wool  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:damaged_anvil  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dandelion  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:danger_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dark_oak_boat  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dark_oak_button  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dark_oak_chest_boat  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dark_oak_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dark_oak_fence  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dark_oak_fence_gate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dark_oak_hanging_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dark_oak_leaves  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dark_oak_log  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dark_oak_planks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dark_oak_pressure_plate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dark_oak_sapling  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dark_oak_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dark_oak_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dark_oak_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dark_oak_trapdoor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dark_oak_wood  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dark_prismarine  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dark_prismarine_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dark_prismarine_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:daylight_detector  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dead_brain_coral  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dead_brain_coral_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dead_brain_coral_fan  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dead_bubble_coral  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dead_bubble_coral_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dead_bubble_coral_fan  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dead_bush  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dead_fire_coral  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dead_fire_coral_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dead_fire_coral_fan  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dead_horn_coral  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dead_horn_coral_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dead_horn_coral_fan  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dead_tube_coral  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dead_tube_coral_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dead_tube_coral_fan  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:debug_stick  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:decorated_pot  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:deepslate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:deepslate_brick_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:deepslate_brick_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:deepslate_brick_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:deepslate_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:deepslate_coal_ore  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:deepslate_copper_ore  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:deepslate_diamond_ore  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:deepslate_emerald_ore  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:deepslate_gold_ore  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:deepslate_iron_ore  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:deepslate_lapis_ore  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:deepslate_redstone_ore  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:deepslate_tile_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:deepslate_tile_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:deepslate_tile_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:deepslate_tiles  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:detector_rail  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:diamond  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:diamond_axe  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:diamond_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:diamond_boots  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:diamond_chestplate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:diamond_helmet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:diamond_hoe  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:diamond_horse_armor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:diamond_leggings  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:diamond_ore  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:diamond_pickaxe  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:diamond_shovel  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:diamond_sword  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dimension_control  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:diorite  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:diorite_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:diorite_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:diorite_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dirt  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dirt_path  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:disc_fragment_5  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dispenser  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dolphin_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:donkey_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dragon_breath  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dragon_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dragon_head  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dried_kelp  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dried_kelp_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dripstone_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dropper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:drowned_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:dune_armor_trim_smithing_template  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:echo_shard  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:elder_guardian_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:elytra  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:emerald  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:emerald_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:emerald_ore  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:enchanted_book  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:enchanted_golden_apple  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:enchanting_table  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:end_crystal  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:end_rod  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:end_stone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:end_stone_brick_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:end_stone_brick_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:end_stone_brick_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:end_stone_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:ender_chest  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:ender_dragon_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:ender_pearl  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:enderman_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:endermite_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:evoker_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:exit_eye  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:experience_bottle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:explorer_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:exposed_chiseled_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:exposed_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:exposed_copper_bulb  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:exposed_copper_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:exposed_copper_grate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:exposed_copper_trapdoor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:exposed_cut_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:exposed_cut_copper_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:exposed_cut_copper_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:eye_armor_trim_smithing_template  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:farmland  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:feather  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:fermented_spider_eye  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:fern  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:field_masoned_banner_pattern  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:filled_map  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:fire_charge  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:fire_coral  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:fire_coral_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:fire_coral_fan  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:fire_wand  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:firefly_bush  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:firework_rocket  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:firework_star  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:fishing_rod  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:fletching_table  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:flint  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:flint_and_steel  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:flow_armor_trim_smithing_template  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:flow_banner_pattern  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:flow_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:flower_banner_pattern  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:flower_pot  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:flowering_azalea  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:flowering_azalea_leaves  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:fox_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:friend_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:frog_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:frogspawn  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:furnace  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:furnace_minecart  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:ghast_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:ghast_tear  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:gilded_blackstone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:glass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:glass_bottle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:glass_pane  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:glistering_melon_slice  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:globe_banner_pattern  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:glow_berries  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:glow_ink_sac  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:glow_item_frame  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:glow_lichen  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:glow_squid_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:glowstone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:glowstone_dust  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:goat_horn  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:goat_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:gold_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:gold_ingot  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:gold_nugget  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:gold_ore  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:golden_apple  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:golden_axe  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:golden_boots  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:golden_carrot  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:golden_chestplate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:golden_helmet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:golden_hoe  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:golden_horse_armor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:golden_leggings  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:golden_pickaxe  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:golden_shovel  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:golden_sword  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:granite  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:granite_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:granite_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:granite_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:grass_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:grave_advancement  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:gravel  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:gray_banner  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:gray_bed  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:gray_bundle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:gray_candle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:gray_carpet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:gray_concrete  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:gray_concrete_powder  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:gray_dye  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:gray_glazed_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:gray_shulker_box  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:gray_stained_glass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:gray_stained_glass_pane  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:gray_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:gray_wool  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:green_banner  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:green_bed  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:green_bundle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:green_candle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:green_carpet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:green_concrete  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:green_concrete_powder  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:green_dye  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:green_glazed_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:green_shulker_box  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:green_stained_glass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:green_stained_glass_pane  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:green_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:green_wool  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:grindstone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:guardian_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:gunpowder  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:guster_banner_pattern  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:guster_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:hanging_roots  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:hay_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:heart_of_the_sea  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:heart_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:heartbreak_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:heavy_core  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:heavy_weighted_pressure_plate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:hoglin_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:honey_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:honey_bottle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:honeycomb  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:honeycomb_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:hopper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:hopper_minecart  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:horn_coral  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:horn_coral_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:horn_coral_fan  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:horse_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:host_armor_trim_smithing_template  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:howl_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:husk_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:ice  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:infested_chiseled_stone_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:infested_cobblestone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:infested_cracked_stone_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:infested_deepslate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:infested_mossy_stone_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:infested_stone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:infested_stone_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:ink_sac  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:iron_axe  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:iron_bars  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:iron_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:iron_boots  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:iron_chestplate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:iron_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:iron_golem_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:iron_helmet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:iron_hoe  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:iron_horse_armor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:iron_ingot  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:iron_leggings  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:iron_nugget  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:iron_ore  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:iron_pickaxe  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:iron_shovel  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:iron_sword  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:iron_trapdoor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:item_frame  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:jack_o_lantern  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:jigsaw  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:jukebox  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:jungle_boat  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:jungle_button  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:jungle_chest_boat  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:jungle_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:jungle_fence  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:jungle_fence_gate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:jungle_hanging_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:jungle_leaves  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:jungle_log  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:jungle_planks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:jungle_pressure_plate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:jungle_sapling  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:jungle_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:jungle_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:jungle_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:jungle_trapdoor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:jungle_wood  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:kelp  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:knowledge_book  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:ladder  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lantern  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lapis_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lapis_lazuli  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lapis_ore  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:large_amethyst_bud  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:large_fern  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lava_bucket  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lead  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:leaf_litter  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:leather  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:leather_boots  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:leather_chestplate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:leather_helmet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:leather_horse_armor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:leather_leggings  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lectern  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lever  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_blue_banner  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_blue_bed  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_blue_bundle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_blue_candle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_blue_carpet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_blue_concrete  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_blue_concrete_powder  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_blue_dye  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_blue_glazed_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_blue_shulker_box  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_blue_stained_glass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_blue_stained_glass_pane  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_blue_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_blue_wool  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_gray_banner  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_gray_bed  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_gray_bundle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_gray_candle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_gray_carpet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_gray_concrete  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_gray_concrete_powder  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_gray_dye  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_gray_glazed_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_gray_shulker_box  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_gray_stained_glass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_gray_stained_glass_pane  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_gray_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_gray_wool  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:light_weighted_pressure_plate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lightning_rod  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lilac  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lily_of_the_valley  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lily_pad  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lime_banner  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lime_bed  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lime_bundle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lime_candle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lime_carpet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lime_concrete  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lime_concrete_powder  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lime_dye  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lime_glazed_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lime_shulker_box  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lime_stained_glass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lime_stained_glass_pane  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lime_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lime_wool  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lingering_potion  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:llama_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:lodestone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:loom  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mace  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:magenta_banner  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:magenta_bed  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:magenta_bundle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:magenta_candle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:magenta_carpet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:magenta_concrete  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:magenta_concrete_powder  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:magenta_dye  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:magenta_glazed_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:magenta_shulker_box  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:magenta_stained_glass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:magenta_stained_glass_pane  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:magenta_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:magenta_wool  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:magma_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:magma_cream  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:magma_cube_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mangrove_boat  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mangrove_button  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mangrove_chest_boat  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mangrove_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mangrove_fence  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mangrove_fence_gate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mangrove_hanging_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mangrove_leaves  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mangrove_log  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mangrove_planks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mangrove_pressure_plate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mangrove_propagule  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mangrove_roots  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mangrove_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mangrove_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mangrove_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mangrove_trapdoor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mangrove_wood  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:map  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:medium_amethyst_bud  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:melon  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:melon_seeds  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:melon_slice  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:milk_bucket  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mine  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mine_crafter  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mine_ingredient  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mine_revisitor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:minecart  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:miner_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mob_trophy  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mojang_banner_pattern  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mooshroom_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:moss_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:moss_carpet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mossy_cobblestone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mossy_cobblestone_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mossy_cobblestone_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mossy_cobblestone_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mossy_stone_brick_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mossy_stone_brick_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mossy_stone_brick_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mossy_stone_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mourner_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mud  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mud_brick_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mud_brick_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mud_brick_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mud_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:muddy_mangrove_roots  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mule_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mushroom_stem  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mushroom_stew  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:music_disc_11  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:music_disc_13  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:music_disc_5  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:music_disc_and_action  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:music_disc_blocks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:music_disc_cat  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:music_disc_chirp  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:music_disc_creator  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:music_disc_creator_music_box  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:music_disc_far  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:music_disc_mall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:music_disc_mellohi  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:music_disc_otherside  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:music_disc_pigstep  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:music_disc_precipice  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:music_disc_relic  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:music_disc_stal  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:music_disc_strad  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:music_disc_wait  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:music_disc_ward  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mutton  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:mycelium  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:name_tag  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:nautilus_shell  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:nether_brick  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:nether_brick_fence  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:nether_brick_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:nether_brick_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:nether_brick_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:nether_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:nether_gold_ore  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:nether_quartz_ore  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:nether_sprouts  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:nether_star  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:nether_wart  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:nether_wart_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:netherite_axe  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:netherite_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:netherite_boots  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:netherite_chestplate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:netherite_helmet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:netherite_hoe  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:netherite_ingot  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:netherite_leggings  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:netherite_pickaxe  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:netherite_scrap  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:netherite_shovel  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:netherite_sword  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:netherite_upgrade_smithing_template  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:netherrack  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:note_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oak_boat  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oak_button  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oak_chest_boat  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oak_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oak_fence  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oak_fence_gate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oak_hanging_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oak_leaves  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oak_log  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oak_planks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oak_pressure_plate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oak_sapling  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oak_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oak_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oak_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oak_trapdoor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oak_wood  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:observer  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:obsidian  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:ocelot_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:ochre_froglight  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:ominous_bottle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:ominous_trial_key  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:open_eyeblossom  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:orange_banner  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:orange_bed  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:orange_bundle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:orange_candle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:orange_carpet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:orange_concrete  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:orange_concrete_powder  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:orange_dye  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:orange_glazed_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:orange_shulker_box  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:orange_stained_glass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:orange_stained_glass_pane  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:orange_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:orange_tulip  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:orange_wool  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oxeye_daisy  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oxidized_chiseled_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oxidized_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oxidized_copper_bulb  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oxidized_copper_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oxidized_copper_grate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oxidized_copper_trapdoor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oxidized_cut_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oxidized_cut_copper_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:oxidized_cut_copper_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:packed_ice  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:packed_mud  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:painting  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pale_hanging_moss  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pale_moss_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pale_moss_carpet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pale_oak_boat  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pale_oak_button  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pale_oak_chest_boat  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pale_oak_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pale_oak_fence  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pale_oak_fence_gate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pale_oak_hanging_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pale_oak_leaves  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pale_oak_log  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pale_oak_planks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pale_oak_pressure_plate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pale_oak_sapling  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pale_oak_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pale_oak_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pale_oak_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pale_oak_trapdoor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pale_oak_wood  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:panda_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:paper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:parrot_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pearlescent_froglight  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:peony  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:petrified_oak_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:phantom_membrane  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:phantom_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pig_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:piglin_banner_pattern  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:piglin_brute_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:piglin_head  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:piglin_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pillager_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pink_banner  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pink_bed  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pink_bundle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pink_candle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pink_carpet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pink_concrete  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pink_concrete_powder  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pink_dye  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pink_glazed_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pink_petals  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pink_shulker_box  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pink_stained_glass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pink_stained_glass_pane  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pink_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pink_tulip  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pink_wool  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:piston  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pitcher_plant  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pitcher_pod  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:player_head  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:plenty_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:podzol  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pointed_dripstone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:poisonous_potato  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polar_bear_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_andesite  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_andesite_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_andesite_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_basalt  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_blackstone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_blackstone_brick_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_blackstone_brick_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_blackstone_brick_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_blackstone_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_blackstone_button  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_blackstone_pressure_plate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_blackstone_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_blackstone_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_blackstone_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_deepslate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_deepslate_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_deepslate_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_deepslate_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_diorite  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_diorite_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_diorite_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_granite  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_granite_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_granite_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_tuff  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_tuff_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_tuff_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:polished_tuff_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:popped_chorus_fruit  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:poppy  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:porkchop  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:potato  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:potion  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:powder_snow_bucket  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:powered_rail  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:prismarine  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:prismarine_brick_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:prismarine_brick_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:prismarine_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:prismarine_crystals  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:prismarine_shard  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:prismarine_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:prismarine_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:prismarine_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:prize_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pufferfish  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pufferfish_bucket  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pufferfish_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pumpkin  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pumpkin_pie  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:pumpkin_seeds  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:purple_banner  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:purple_bed  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:purple_bundle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:purple_candle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:purple_carpet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:purple_concrete  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:purple_concrete_powder  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:purple_dye  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:purple_glazed_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:purple_shulker_box  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:purple_stained_glass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:purple_stained_glass_pane  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:purple_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:purple_wool  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:purpur_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:purpur_pillar  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:purpur_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:purpur_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:quartz  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:quartz_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:quartz_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:quartz_pillar  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:quartz_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:quartz_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:rabbit  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:rabbit_foot  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:rabbit_hide  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:rabbit_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:rabbit_stew  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:rail  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:raiser_armor_trim_smithing_template  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:ravager_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:raw_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:raw_copper_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:raw_gold  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:raw_gold_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:raw_iron  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:raw_iron_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:recovery_compass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_banner  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_bed  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_bundle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_candle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_carpet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_concrete  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_concrete_powder  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_dye  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_glazed_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_mushroom  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_mushroom_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_nether_brick_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_nether_brick_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_nether_brick_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_nether_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_sand  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_sandstone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_sandstone_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_sandstone_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_sandstone_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_shulker_box  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_stained_glass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_stained_glass_pane  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_tulip  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:red_wool  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:redstone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:redstone_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:redstone_lamp  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:redstone_ore  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:redstone_torch  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:reinforced_deepslate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:repeater  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:repeating_command_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:resin_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:resin_brick  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:resin_brick_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:resin_brick_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:resin_brick_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:resin_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:resin_clump  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:respawn_anchor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:rib_armor_trim_smithing_template  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:rooted_dirt  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:rose_bush  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:rotten_flesh  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:saddle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:salmon  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:salmon_bucket  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:salmon_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sand  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sandstone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sandstone_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sandstone_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sandstone_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:scaffolding  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:scrape_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sculk  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sculk_catalyst  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sculk_sensor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sculk_shrieker  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sculk_vein  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sea_lantern  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sea_pickle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:seagrass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sentry_armor_trim_smithing_template  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:shaper_armor_trim_smithing_template  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:shazboots  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sheaf_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:shears  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sheep_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:shelter_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:shield  = minecraft:item.shield.break
minecraft:shimmering_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:shimmering_key  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:short_dry_grass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:short_grass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:shroomlight  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:shulker_box  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:shulker_shell  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:shulker_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:silence_armor_trim_smithing_template  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:silverfish_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:skeleton_horse_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:skeleton_skull  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:skeleton_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:skull_banner_pattern  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:skull_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sky  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sky_box  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:slime_ball  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:slime_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:slime_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:small_amethyst_bud  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:small_dripleaf  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:smithing_table  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:smoker  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:smooth_basalt  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:smooth_quartz  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:smooth_quartz_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:smooth_quartz_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:smooth_red_sandstone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:smooth_red_sandstone_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:smooth_red_sandstone_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:smooth_sandstone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:smooth_sandstone_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:smooth_sandstone_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:smooth_stone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:smooth_stone_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sniffer_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sniffer_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:snort_pottery_sherd  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:snout_armor_trim_smithing_template  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:snow  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:snow_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:snow_golem_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:snowball  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:soul_campfire  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:soul_lantern  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:soul_sand  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:soul_soil  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:soul_torch  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spawner  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spectral_arrow  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spider_eye  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spider_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spire_armor_trim_smithing_template  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:splash_potion  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sponge  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spore_blossom  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spruce_boat  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spruce_button  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spruce_chest_boat  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spruce_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spruce_fence  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spruce_fence_gate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spruce_hanging_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spruce_leaves  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spruce_log  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spruce_planks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spruce_pressure_plate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spruce_sapling  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spruce_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spruce_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spruce_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spruce_trapdoor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spruce_wood  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:spyglass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:squid_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stick  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sticky_piston  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stone  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stone_axe  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stone_brick_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stone_brick_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stone_brick_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stone_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stone_button  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stone_hoe  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stone_pickaxe  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stone_pressure_plate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stone_shovel  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stone_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stone_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stone_sword  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stonecutter  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stray_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:strider_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:string  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_acacia_log  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_acacia_wood  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_bamboo_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_birch_log  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_birch_wood  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_cherry_log  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_cherry_wood  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_crimson_hyphae  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_crimson_stem  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_dark_oak_log  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_dark_oak_wood  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_jungle_log  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_jungle_wood  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_mangrove_log  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_mangrove_wood  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_oak_log  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_oak_wood  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_pale_oak_log  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_pale_oak_wood  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_spruce_log  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_spruce_wood  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_warped_hyphae  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:stripped_warped_stem  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:structure_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:structure_void  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sugar  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sugar_cane  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sunflower  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:suspicious_gravel  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:suspicious_sand  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:suspicious_stew  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:sweet_berries  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tadpole_bucket  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tadpole_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tall_dry_grass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tall_grass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:target  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:teleportation_wand  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:test_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:test_instance_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tide_armor_trim_smithing_template  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tinted_glass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tipped_arrow  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tnt  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tnt_minecart  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:torch  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:torchflower  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:torchflower_seeds  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:totem_of_undying  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:trader_llama_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:trapped_chest  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:trial_key  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:trial_spawner  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:trident  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tripwire_hook  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:trophy  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tropical_fish  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tropical_fish_bucket  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tropical_fish_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tube_coral  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tube_coral_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tube_coral_fan  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tuff  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tuff_brick_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tuff_brick_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tuff_brick_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tuff_bricks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tuff_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tuff_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:tuff_wall  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:turtle_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:turtle_helmet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:turtle_scute  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:turtle_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:twisting_vines  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:vault  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:verdant_froglight  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:vex_armor_trim_smithing_template  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:vex_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:villager_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:vindicator_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:vine  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:wandering_trader_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:ward_armor_trim_smithing_template  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:warden_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:warped_button  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:warped_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:warped_fence  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:warped_fence_gate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:warped_fungus  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:warped_fungus_on_a_stick  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:warped_hanging_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:warped_hyphae  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:warped_nylium  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:warped_planks  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:warped_pressure_plate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:warped_roots  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:warped_sign  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:warped_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:warped_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:warped_stem  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:warped_trapdoor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:warped_wart_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:water_bucket  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_chiseled_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_copper_block  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_copper_bulb  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_copper_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_copper_grate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_copper_trapdoor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_cut_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_cut_copper_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_cut_copper_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_exposed_chiseled_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_exposed_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_exposed_copper_bulb  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_exposed_copper_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_exposed_copper_grate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_exposed_copper_trapdoor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_exposed_cut_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_exposed_cut_copper_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_exposed_cut_copper_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_oxidized_chiseled_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_oxidized_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_oxidized_copper_bulb  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_oxidized_copper_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_oxidized_copper_grate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_oxidized_copper_trapdoor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_oxidized_cut_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_oxidized_cut_copper_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_oxidized_cut_copper_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_weathered_chiseled_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_weathered_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_weathered_copper_bulb  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_weathered_copper_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_weathered_copper_grate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_weathered_copper_trapdoor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_weathered_cut_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_weathered_cut_copper_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:waxed_weathered_cut_copper_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:wayfinder_armor_trim_smithing_template  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:weathered_chiseled_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:weathered_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:weathered_copper_bulb  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:weathered_copper_door  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:weathered_copper_grate  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:weathered_copper_trapdoor  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:weathered_cut_copper  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:weathered_cut_copper_slab  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:weathered_cut_copper_stairs  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:weeping_vines  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:wet_sponge  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:wheat  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:wheat_seeds  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:white_banner  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:white_bed  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:white_bundle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:white_candle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:white_carpet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:white_concrete  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:white_concrete_powder  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:white_dye  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:white_glazed_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:white_shulker_box  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:white_stained_glass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:white_stained_glass_pane  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:white_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:white_tulip  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:white_wool  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:wild_armor_trim_smithing_template  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:wildflowers  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:wind_charge  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:wind_wand  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:witch_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:wither_rose  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:wither_skeleton_skull  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:wither_skeleton_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:wither_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:wolf_armor  = minecraft:item.wolf_armor.break
minecraft:wolf_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:wooden_axe  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:wooden_hoe  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:wooden_pickaxe  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:wooden_shovel  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:wooden_sword  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:writable_book  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:written_book  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:yellow_banner  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:yellow_bed  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:yellow_bundle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:yellow_candle  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:yellow_carpet  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:yellow_concrete  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:yellow_concrete_powder  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:yellow_dye  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:yellow_glazed_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:yellow_shulker_box  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:yellow_stained_glass  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:yellow_stained_glass_pane  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:yellow_terracotta  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:yellow_wool  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:zoglin_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:zombie_head  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:zombie_horse_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:zombie_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:zombie_villager_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
minecraft:zombified_piglin_spawn_egg  = minecraft:entity.item.break
