minecraft:flower_pot  = minecraft:air
minecraft:potted_acacia_sapling  = minecraft:acacia_sapling
minecraft:potted_allium  = minecraft:allium
minecraft:potted_azalea_bush  = minecraft:azalea
minecraft:potted_azure_bluet  = minecraft:azure_bluet
minecraft:potted_bamboo  = minecraft:bamboo
minecraft:potted_birch_sapling  = minecraft:birch_sapling
minecraft:potted_blue_orchid  = minecraft:blue_orchid
minecraft:potted_brown_mushroom  = minecraft:brown_mushroom
minecraft:potted_cactus  = minecraft:cactus
minecraft:potted_cherry_sapling  = minecraft:cherry_sapling
minecraft:potted_closed_eyeblossom  = minecraft:closed_eyeblossom
minecraft:potted_cornflower  = minecraft:cornflower
minecraft:potted_crimson_fungus  = minecraft:crimson_fungus
minecraft:potted_crimson_roots  = minecraft:crimson_roots
minecraft:potted_dandelion  = minecraft:dandelion
minecraft:potted_dark_oak_sapling  = minecraft:dark_oak_sapling
minecraft:potted_dead_bush  = minecraft:dead_bush
minecraft:potted_fern  = minecraft:fern
minecraft:potted_flowering_azalea_bush  = minecraft:flowering_azalea
minecraft:potted_jungle_sapling  = minecraft:jungle_sapling
minecraft:potted_lily_of_the_valley  = minecraft:lily_of_the_valley
minecraft:potted_mangrove_propagule  = minecraft:mangrove_propagule
minecraft:potted_oak_sapling  = minecraft:oak_sapling
minecraft:potted_open_eyeblossom  = minecraft:open_eyeblossom
minecraft:potted_orange_tulip  = minecraft:orange_tulip
minecraft:potted_oxeye_daisy  = minecraft:oxeye_daisy
minecraft:potted_pale_oak_sapling  = minecraft:pale_oak_sapling
minecraft:potted_pink_tulip  = minecraft:pink_tulip
minecraft:potted_poppy  = minecraft:poppy
minecraft:potted_red_mushroom  = minecraft:red_mushroom
minecraft:potted_red_tulip  = minecraft:red_tulip
minecraft:potted_spruce_sapling  = minecraft:spruce_sapling
minecraft:potted_torchflower  = minecraft:torchflower
minecraft:potted_warped_fungus  = minecraft:warped_fungus
minecraft:potted_warped_roots  = minecraft:warped_roots
minecraft:potted_white_tulip  = minecraft:white_tulip
minecraft:potted_wither_rose  = minecraft:wither_rose
